hi I my name is Justin Kosta on the
front services manager for luxor and
excalibur in Las Vegas want to share
some important people in my life they
have a few things in common they're one
in my life to their part of the LGBT
community and they've done some
wonderful things the first person is my
uncle he's been very successful in a
telecommunications company reached the
level of vice president been able to
retire travel and he's been together
with his partner longer than any other
couple in our family a mother-in-law she
works on Capitol Hill lobbying for LGBT
rights the wonderful person has done a
lot for the community and could couldn't
imagine could imagine my life without
her a friend of mine bisexual great
great guy funny guy a lot to live for it
has a lot of aspirations and he gives
himself a chance to to reach those
aspirations finally my nanny I think
that parents out there definitely could
understand how important they good nanny
is you're trusting your child with
somebody and she is phenomenal he
actually those little guys spent spent
the night at her and her partner's house
the other night and she helped us out a
lot she'll face out of a bind there she
teaches him in richardson and does does
wonderful things just just a star so one
telling you all of this is because all
of these people started in grammar
school started in high school they've
gone through through let's let's face it
some pretty terrible things we ever
everybody has but the one thing that
they that they did is that they didn't
give up they gave themselves a chance to
do these great things once they got past
that that those stages where maybe
people didn't understand them
maybe they didn't understand themselves
they had people around me maybe maybe a
friend maybe maybe maybe a doctor maybe
maybe a anybody they were able to go to
and talk to and get through through the
tough parts they were rewarded for that
they were rewarded for sticking with it
sticking with life they rewarded by by
the things that I just shared with you
any of these people that would not mean
in my life would be unimaginable and I
know that everybody everybody on this
earth has a purpose and everybody has a
place and you don't want to leave
yourself without a chance of getting
into your place in this world you can do
you can do anything you can do whatever
whatever you want if you give yourself
the chance you get through the tough
part there's people here to help you
there's a lot of people I'll help you
you can call me directly you have my
name you know where I work and we can
help you out and once once once you get
out of once you get out of high school
once you get out of it once you get out
of towards college take it gets better
it does